docs(bulk-actions): add bulk-actions documentation (#374)
vtex/admin-ui: packages/admin-ui-docs/content/table/code.mdx

<Section hasExplanation>

### Bulk

> The bulk resolver should be used when you want to add a bulk actions to the table. It is a easier way of using the [BulkActions](/bulk-actions) component within the Table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bulk resolver should be used when you want to add a bulk actions to the table. It is a easier way of using the [BulkActions](bulk-actions) component within the Table.
```

> When using this resolver there are two things you should follow in order to work properly: Wrap the Table component with the `SelectionTree` component (Details in the example below); Avoid adding more than 25 items per page.

Reviewer: something like:

```suggestion
When using this resolver there are two things you should follow in order to work properly: wrap the Table component with the `SelectionTree` component and avoid adding more than 25 items per page.
```
